CASMINST-4246:  Add uai-gateway-test.sh (#1391)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/gateway_testing.md

When the nmnlb network is specified, it will use `api-gw-service-nmn.local` as an override for `nmnlb.<system-domain>` in 1.2. You can set `use-api-gw-override: false` in gateway-test-defn.yaml if you would like to disable that override and use `nmnlb.<system-domain>`.

## Running gateway tests on an NCN

> The gateway test scripts can be found in `/usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/gateway-test`. To test the gateways from an NCN you will need to use gateway-test.py.  When `gateway-test.py` is run from an NCN, it has access to the admin client secret using `kubectl`. It will use the admin client secret to get the token for accessing the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gateway test scripts can be found in `/usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/gateway-test`. To test the gateways from an NCN, use `gateway-test.py`. When `gateway-test.py` is run from an NCN, it has access to the admin client secret using `kubectl`. It will use the admin client secret to get the token for accessing the APIs.
```

Author: Fixed

You can run the test by executing the following command. You will need to specify the system domain (for example, `eniac.dev.cray.com`).

```bash
ncn# /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/gateway-test/gateway-test.py eniac.dev.cray.com
```

> The test will cycle through all of the test networks specified in gateway-test-defn.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test will cycle through all of the test networks specified in `gateway-test-defn.yaml`.
```

Author: Fixed

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

test-networks:
- name: nmnlb
  gateway: services-gateway
- name: cmn
  gateway: services-gateway
- name: can
  gateway: customer-user-gateway
- name: chn
  gateway: customer-user-gateway
```

> For each network it will attempt to obtain a token from keycloak.  On an NCN, it should be able to get a token from each of those networks.  It will then use that token to attempt to access each of the services defined in gateway-test-defn.yaml on each of the test-networks.   The test will be able to determine whether it should or should not be able to access the service and it will output a PASS or FAIL for each test depending on the actual results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each network, it will attempt to obtain a token from Keycloak. On an NCN, it should be able to get a token from each of those networks. It will then use that token to attempt to access each of the services defined in `gateway-test-defn.yaml` on each of the `test-networks`. The test will be able to determine whether it should or should not be able to access the service and it will output a PASS or FAIL for each test, depending on the actual results.
```

linux# export ADMIN_CLIENT_SECRET=26947343-d4ab-403b-14e937dbd700
```

> You can run the tests by executing the following the command. You will need to specify the system domain (e.g. eniac.dev.cray.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the tests by executing the following the command. The system domain (e.g. `eniac.dev.cray.com`) must be specified.
```

Author: Fixed

```bash
linux# /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/gateway-test/gateway-test.py eniac.dev.cray.com
```

## Running gateway tests on a UAI 

> To test the gateways from a UAI you will need to run `uai-gateway-test.sh`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test the gateways from a UAI, run `uai-gateway-test.sh`.  
```

This script will execute the following steps:

> * Create a UAI with a cray-uai-gateway-test image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a UAI with a `cray-uai-gateway-test` image.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Pass the system domain, user network, and admin client secret to the test UAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pass the system domain, user network, and admin client secret to the test UAI.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Execute gateway-test.py on the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute `gateway-test.py` on the node.
```

> * Output the results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Output the results.
```

> * Delete the test UAI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the test UAI.
```

> You can run the test by executing the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the test by executing the following command.
```

Author: Fixed

```bash
ncn# /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/gateway-test/uai-gateway-test.sh
```

> The test will find the first UAI gateway-test image to create the test UAI.  If you prefer to specify a different image, you can use the --imagename option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test will find the first UAI `gateway-test` image to create the test UAI. A different image may optionally be specified by using the `--imagename` option.
```

Author: Fixed

## Example Results 

The results of running the tests will show the following

* Retrieval of a token on the CMN network in order to get SLS data to determine which networks are defined on the system

> * For each of the test networks...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each of the test networks:
```

>     * Retrieval of a token on the network under test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Retrieval of a token on the network under test.
```

    * Results from each of the networks defined in `gateway-test-defn.yaml`. It will attempt to access each of the services with the token and check the expected results.
    * It will show PASS or FAIL depending on the expected response for the service and the token being used.
    * It will show SKIP for services that are not expected to be installed on the system.

> * The return code at the end of gateway-test.py will be non-zero if any of the tests within it fail or we are unable to retrieve a token on any of the networks that are expected to be accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The return code of `gateway-test.py` will be non-zero if any of the tests within it fail or we are unable to retrieve a token on any of the networks that are expected to be accessible.
```

> ### Running from an NCN that is configured with CHN as the user network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running from an NCN that is configured with CHN as the user network
```

Author: Fixed

```bash

> # ./gateway-test.py eniac.dev.cray.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed
